# Savory-Taste
Food webpage
The purpose of this assignment is to create a website for an organization of choice. Which grants its users the ability to register through the process of using a registration form. Using a combination of HTML5 and CSS for coding along with the text editor Notepad++, Savory Taste a six to eight page website was created.
Savory Taste, a static website created by a team of three individuals provides easy to make, affordable, unique savory recipe dishes to individuals interested in having fun in the kitchen. The website was created with the intention to grant users the ability to register through the sign-up page to access recipes of their liking. The website consist of six pages users can freely navigate to which include the home, about page, recipes, gallery, contact and sign up pages. The organization’s founders created Savory Taste after 8-10 years in the food industry as a way to continue sharing their experiences and love for food. They provide a vast range of carefully selected recipes that allows each person visiting the site to find one recipes they will love.
Savory Taste focuses mainly on the customers and because of it being a customer driven business we provide a wide array of healthy dishes to geared towards our customer’s satisfaction. The company is mostly online based with a physical address for consultation in the instance that customers prefer face to face interactions with our knowledgeable consultants. It provides an assortment recipes of dishes from breakfast, lunch and dinner to appetizers, snacks and even brunches. With meals that are tailored to fit everyone’s diet and lifestyle.
